name city, state (abbreviated) berkeley.edu email portfolio education university of california, berkeley berkeley, ca - b.a. in architecture, minor in sustainable design gpa 3.xx 4.00 expected may, 20xx - related coursework fundamentals of architecture design, introduction to visual representation and drawing, introduction to construction, introduction to structures, sustainable landscapes and cities, architectural design studios work experience greenbuild solutions, los angeles, ca architectural intern june aug 20xx - researched sustainable building materials and presented findings to five-person team, resulting in implementation of eco-friendly materials and 15 reduction in environmental impact. - created a scheme for a new sustainable office space using reclaimed materials and incorporating innovative office and meeting space solutions. - collaborated with a team of engineers and contractors to ensure compliance with building codes and regulations, contributing to project s successful on-time completion. campus leadership involvement cal construction competition team, uc berkeley aug 20xx present design-build project manager - created project schedules using historical data from prior projects to inform design, procurement, and construction. - applied construction and industry software knowledge acquired from attending workshops on reading construction documents, estimating, scheduling, and creating site plans. - trained for and competed in a six-person team in 20xx asc regional competition. modeled building components in revit, analyzed clash detections, solved site logistics coordination issues, and presented findings to judges. american institute of architecture students (aias), berkeley, ca aug 20xx reviews, and firm tours. - assisted in outreach efforts to recruit new members, contributing to a 20 increase in membership from the previous year. course project introduction to environmental design course, uc berkeley project proposal for lake chabot cultural district, oakland, ca spring 20xx - to improve livability of lake chabot district, proposed comprehensive solutions addressing residential needs, economic sustainability, transportation efficiency, and fostering community engagement through celebratory events. - performed detailed context analysis of the lake chabot site using arcgis, evaluating cultural, transportation, recreational, and demographic factors to inform strategic planning and decision-making. skills - software proficient in rhino, revit, sketchup, arcgis, adobe creative cloud, ms office, google suite - language fluent in english and mandarin