name summary - design experience and technical aptitude obtained through formula sae and academic projects - 2 years managing customer interactions and resolving service issues in a retail environment - familiar with microsoft office suite including powerpoint and excel (vba, macros, and pivot tables) - academic training and practical application of autocad and catia education b.s. mechanical engineering, university of windsor, windsor, on minor mathematics gpa 3.75 sept. 2019 - present engineering projects formula sae team member, university of windsor, windsor, on sept. 2020 - present - collaborate with team members to design and build a formula-style hybrid race car - operate shop equipment and machinery including lathes, drill presses and welding tools trebuchet design project , university of windsor, windsor, on sept. 2020 - nov. 2020 - collaborated as a team of 4 to design and build a trebuchet aimed to optimize launch within constraints - created and modified design ideas using catia - recorded results of trial launches and analyzed data to determine design modifications product design project, university of windsor, windsor, on feb. 2019 - mar. 2019 - designed a portable cooler with autocad for travel with consideration of quality, cost, and safety - created initial and final drawings through team deliberation and troubleshooting of design robotics team member, vincent massey secondary school, windsor, on sept. 2018 - jun. 2019 - created drawings of mechanical parts using autocad and manufactured robot components - coordinated with a team of professional engineers and students to design and develop a prototype - led design team to the first robotics regional competition professional experience sales associate, home hardware, windsor, on dec. 2018 - present - promoted to lead shift associate within the first 6 months. trusted to complete additional tasks including scheduling, task assignment and departmental sales. - identify customer requirements and make product and service recommendations. - educate customers regarding power tools, paint and hardware products. - resolve problems and manage customer complaints in a courteous and professional manner. activities and leadership engineering member , university of windsor engineering society amateur race car driver , various speedways and tracks in ontario sept. 2019 - present jul. 2019 - present