name bellingham, wa career focus auditor certified public accountant accounting - successful experience in auditing , sound knowledge of accounting systems and processes, and fervent desire to continue building skills started with coursework and internship experience. - teamwork and collaboration skills honed through food service and internship experiences. - effective communicator with colleagues, student groups, and customers. - skills - microsoft office word and excel including significant experience with pivot tables accounting systems quickbooks and intuit education bachelor of arts, accounting gpa 3.68 name (wwu), bellingham, wa anticipated graduation august 2025 eligible for cpa exam december 2025 accounting experience audit intern , american red cross, seattle, wa june 2024 september 2025 examined and organized specific sections of accounts, identified inaccuracies, and notified lead examiner of any apparent discrepancies. - tabulated 12 accounts in various areas such as disbursements, trial balances, bank reconciliations and voucher audits resulting in organized and easy to read information. - verified vendor names, amounts and cross checked with correspondence to receipts and invoices notifying lead examiner of any apparent inaccuracies, shortages or discrepancies. - recognized for strong skills in producing complete and accurate audits performed computations quickly and accurately prepared well-organized audit reports. accounting intern , anvil corporation, bellingham, wa march 2023 june 2024 performed preliminary collection efforts, validated, and input data to accounts payable module, and assisted with closing monthly accounts payable transactions. - maintained information integrity and confidentiality, communicated sensitive information tactfully, and ensured all data was passed on to appropriate customers. - prepared over 100 accurate statistical analysis reports using excel. - organized data and prepared reports using advanced excel features (pivottables) and provided to leadership for use in statistical analysis and strategic decision making. tax preparer , volunteer income tax assistance (vita), wwu, bellingham, wa february 2022 april 2023 worked with a team of 10 students to assist a wide array of clients with basic income tax preparation, including single parents, seniors, and non-english speakers. - filed tax return for 5 clients per day, assisting with basic income tax preparation, maintaining quality customer service and privacy regarding confidential information. - consulted with team members, collaborating proactively to ensure accurate tax form completion and submission. other experience host , anthony s home port, bellingham, wa september 2021 - december 2021 - handled financials including reconciling till and preparing nightly deposit responsible for large amounts of cash totaling 2l . - partnered with entire staff to ensure ultimate dining experience for all customers. - monitored and tracked table seating to provide balanced workload for serving staff.